Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again tonight. We
have a lot we're going to share.
There's a lot going on in the news.
There were a lot of things we prayed
about in the last video, and we're going to
go over some of the things the Lord
showed us and then we'll jump right in
the river. Whoever wants to go praying
with us,
we got our communion. We always take
communion every time we pray together.
So thank you for taking communion with
us and using your authority. China is filling up its gas
lines
for
miles. It looked like a mile
long—a
block, whatever this is. This is
nuts. They all know what's going
on with oil prices. Now, this video
clip is of people in China. We know
the population of China is a lot, but this
is a video clip of 40 seconds of people
lining up for gas in China.
They're trying to get gas.
Now, that fulfills the prophecy that I
told you: they would line up for that.
That's not quite a mile, but that's a
lot of cars to wait for gas.
Now,
that's what I saw: cars lined up waiting
for gas. It looked like the
1970s
gas wars
back when it happened with
Carter.
And this is the stuff the Lord
showed me coming. That's
the vision; they
were lined up. Now, I saw this also
coming in America, and President Trump
released
the strategic
reserves—175
million barrels of oil—and they
were releasing it as fast as they could to try
to keep the oil prices down. Now, as we were
praying last night, I saw the Strait of
Strait of Hormuz,
or whatever it is,
being filled with ships. I saw smoke in the
sky to the point where it was blocking
out the sun. There was so much smoke; it
looked like black clouds.
I saw tons of ships on fire.
I
don't know if they're seeing that yet; I
don't pay a lot of attention to the
news, but Braden brings it to me.
But I saw refineries on fire. I saw to
pray over American refineries
again—Tuttle,
Houston,
Louisiana, and other refineries around
the nation—as a target for terrorism.
I saw major explosions
going off at these plants to cause
the gas wars to go even worse as
a retaliation for what's happening in
the Middle East.
I thought this was also interesting:
'Iran's new supreme
leader vows to keep blocking the
strait
as oil prices spike
again.'He
vows to keep blocking.
We saw it
hit $100 a barrel today.
It shot up again to 100.
It's
very interesting; it's like a roller
coaster. We see all
these
things.
And
there's a lot of these reports:
'Top
US
petrochem
plant
fireballed with Texas fuel tanks
blazing.'I
didn't
have my glasses on,
but those are the plants
I'm talking about. I told you they're going
to...
so, how did that happen?
It's
mysterious. I said they're going
to try to take this thing to 200. And if
they succeed, it
would be very bad for the economy. We
don't want this. This is an election
year.
We
want a red wave. We need our president
in power for another three
years—for
the rest of this year and the
next two years. This is very serious. I
saw
a lot of political
drama happening. Number
two, what else do you see?
I was looking at Cuba. There
were
just negotiations.
'Cuba's president
confirms the
communist government has
begun
negotiations with
Trump.'They're
wanting to negotiate with
Trump.
I think it's going to be fantastic
because I see Cuba free. I keep seeing
Cuba have resorts
and blessing and increase all around
that island.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
To
have oceanfront property and
be able to say, 'Hey, we're going
to
build a new resort there.'It'd be
nice because
I'm
sure it's not real kept up right
now,
but it will be from what I've seen.
Next, do you have anything else?
Old Dominion University
ROTC
cadets
disarm ISIS supporter shouting
during shooting.
Officials
say
a sympathizer.
I
sent
you
the signal.
This was the
icing on the cake, in my opinion, of the
prophetic word the Lord showed
us concerning this old tech that was
hidden because it wasn't
internet. Does anybody remember the
words the Lord gave us
about this wire that went across
America, but it was like telephone to
telephone?
This is some kind of
tech where they're able to
communicate through telephone to
telephone. I said it's going to be
like Morse code, like old carrier
pigeons.
The Lord said it will be like old rotary
phones from the 1940s and 50s.
This
is what happened afterwards. They
don't know what this is from and
nobody's talking about it,
but
this video was shock and awe to me. Play this: 'On the first day of the US-Israeli attacks on Iran, something strange appeared on the airwaves: a mysterious shortwave radio broadcast. A man's voice calmly reading random number sequences in Persian. Radio enthusiasts first picked it up on February 28th, the first day of
the war. The broadcast follows a loose pattern: a string of numbers read aloud for two rounds, then a pause, then the Persian word for attention, repeated three times, then the numbers start again. No one knows exactly where the signal is coming from, but radio enthusiasts
have narrowed it down to somewhere in Western Europe. Five days into the war, things got even stranger. Someone started jamming the signal. Electronic noise suddenly flooded the frequency, making the numbers nearly impossible to hear. But the broadcast didn't stop.
It just moved to a different frequency. RFE/RL independently recorded the transmission on March 10th, meaning it has been broadcasting around two weeks, more or less daily. So, what is it? The most common explanation is a numbers station—an old-school Cold
War spy tool. A shortwave radio broadcast used to send encrypted messages to intelligence agents. Anyone can listen to the numbers, but without the decoder, the message is essentially impossible to understand. Akin Fernandez says it's absolutely unbreakable. The number keys
are perfectly random, and figuring it out mathematically wouldn't work. Even if you translate them into words, the message would likely still make no sense without the right decoder key.'Okay, that's the first thing. What about the jamming? Who's jamming?
Do you remember when I said there
was an individual who was—I have
to be very careful now.
Do you remember I said I saw an
individual who was high up,
who
was a rat in government, and I said he
was talking to somebody in Europe
and they were relating it to Iran? Do
you remember that? And I said it was a
decoder key
and they would write the numbers down,
but it was a perfect sequence and it had
to be the right letter. They would
hear it and they were able to
communicate to somebody in Europe, and
they would send that to Iran. Does
anybody remember that? Do you remember
that?
Yeah.
I said they sent the message.
Was it free?
Yes. Do you remember who? Because I'm
trying to be careful now because of how
accurate this is.
Folks, this is exactly what we saw.
This man is talking about
what I warned you: that there was a rat
that was delivering the message from the
tops to a message in Europe,
and in Europe it was translating to another
one,
and it was a three-way loop and it went
all around. Then I saw they
were
activating the cells for a
D-day
on a specific day. And it
was not a strike for strike like a
punch; it was a fatal blow. They said,
"We must completely wound to take
out the eagle so we can get rid of
Israel."Does
anybody remember this? "For
distraction on their own soil will be a
distraction to deter them, for they will
be so wounded in their own home soil
that we can finally finish off
Israel."Does
anybody remember that? And I saw
these codes going over the internet,
but I said, "It's old technology.
It's not your cell phone. It's
hidden."And
it was telephone to telephone; I saw
it in the spirit. Do you hear what this
man is saying?
That's what they found. But they can't
tell what the code is. I said, "You can't
tell the decipher."Does anybody remember
that? Do you have the video to prove it?
Yeah, I
believe.
It gave me a shock when I found it.
I said, "Braden, this is what the Lord
said. This is what we're praying
against. This is what I tried to tell you.
There's a rat.
Play the
rat."Is
there a way to find it? I know I'm
putting a lot on you. I'm sorry.
But I want them to see how accurate
things are. We were prophesying this
clear back in the beginning of 2025, or Diana has to look through her book. Go ahead and play the rest of the message and you can find it while you're watching so there's no dead space. We don't want them to stick around. The signal
and why. So the kind of interference being used here is called a bubble jammer. Basically, it drowns out the signal so the transmission is impossible to understand. Historically, this kind of jamming was used by governments trying to
block foreign broadcasts. During the Cold War, Soviet bloc countries regularly jammed broadcasts from the BBC, Deutsche Welle, or Radio Free Europe Radio Liberty, which were beaming uncensored news and information into the Eastern bloc. These days, the Persian
language broadcasts of the BBC and Radio Free Europe's Radio Farda are also being jammed by the Iranian government on a similar frequency. So, if Tehran was responsible for this mysterious Persian number signal, it's pretty unlikely that Tehran—do
y'all see?
It's interesting old Cold War
technology. I said it's not
new stuff; they're using an
old method of communication.
They're not going to communicate through
the
internet. And I said the Lord said it's
old school, like how carrier
pigeons used to be used, then how they
used Morse code, and then he said how
they used the Cherokee Indians in World
War II. And he said, "They're using an
old method,
Brandon."And
when I heard that, I thought, "What
kind of old method? Like Morse code
again? Are they going to use that? What
is it?"Because I don't know all this
stuff.
But when I was praying into it, I
kept
seeing it's like
telephone to telephone.
But as they add the code—and I saw this
code and I saw a guy using a decipher
and he had the code up
here—he
would write out the decipher
by number frequency.
What day is this?
Is it October 5th?
I think. But you're saying it
again,
5,000 men go through a polygraph test.
Yeah, this is old.
Why? Because they got to figure out
who's a rat,
and there's rats. And I said the man that
I see has all these badges just like
that.
Yeah, that's it. But it's more
descriptive. It's fine. Keep going. And
I said there's somebody in there and
remember when I told you—did I say that publicly? Yeah, I did,
about rats with
independence.
I know. But what the man's doing?
He's the only
one; he's my scribe. He writes
everything down. Taking a deciphered
message and giving it to somebody in
Europe, and then Europe was giving it to
another person in another area. So, as
they were communicating, it was a
three-way tie delivering secret
information out of the Pentagon into
other countries.
A rat within,
and the Lord told us that. Remember,
like I said, I don't remember some of
the stuff I make public and I can't
even believe I did that, but since I
already did, it's there.
I go, "Okay, that was probably
not
wise."This
activates the cells.
What?
I don't know why.
This is what activates the cells.
I said that's how they communicate and
they know the day. Now what did we hear?
Pray over Rosh
Hashanah.
Praying over Rosh
Hashanah
of this year: September 11th,
9/11; praying over April 20th; praying
over Easter, April 5th; praying over art
festivals; praying over college campuses
and synagogues; praying over mass
gatherings, church services in Canada,
and
in Europe. As we were praying about
Europe, the Lord showed us again
retaliation even coming to Europe. I was
praying for these individual people that
would be
in harm's way. That's all I will say. In
harm's way. And that we need to cover
them in prayer.
Y'all, you'll never understand
the pressure of what's too much and
what's not enough prayer for y'all to
grab a hold of, and when I've
said too much. It's like
filtering this and having so
much responsibility on me
and having discernment about what's
stupid to release to the public versus
what's not.
I know the Lord protects me. I know he
protects my wife. You've got people that
hate me, but I know that God said to
me even last night, "I've got
you."And
as I was laughing and getting
refreshed, I'll tell you about that.
We'll change the subject, but I saw
a boomer, and does anybody know who
Jerry Savelle is? Many of you.
He went home to be with the
Lord about a year ago,
but Jerry Savelle always was very
prim and proper when he preached. He
had a nice suit on. His hair was always
perfect. Everything was always
like—he
was a very manicured man.
The way he carried himself in the
presence of God. I loved to watch his
suits, his shoes. He always had
that—he
was clean, starched.
In the vision last night, I saw an
individual that was very starched,
glasses with hair like Jerry
Savelle
used to have, especially when he was
younger. And he was standing next to
this, and the Lord said, "It's a boomer
of this generation."And he had nice
starch jeans on with a nice belt. He
had cowboy boots on that were like
ostrich, and a very
clean-cut man. And he was standing next
to
the next generation.
What is this generation?
Not a millennial.
It's this generation.
I think it's Gen
Z.
This new generation that
Diana said is going to be
called the AI generation.
They were standing there, and this young
girl had dark black hair with purple.
I'm talking as bright purple as the
communion. She had purple streaks
in her hair and she had black makeup and
all this stuff on her face, standing next
to this prim and proper boomer, and they
were working together to bring in the
harvest. And that's when the Lord said,
"This is what I have to work with,
Brandon."And
that's why I laughed so
much
last night,
because
I saw this man that looked like
a businessman next
to the generation with all this
pantyhose
stocking up here, dressed
emo
like the goth, you know?
They
all love Jesus; they are just really
different.
I saw them standing and the Lord said,
"This is what I have to work
with."But
the Lord was saying it not
in a derogatory way, but in
a funny way because of the way he presented
it to me. Oh my gosh, I
laughed over that
even after the
broadcast was over. I told him
that was the funniest thing because I saw
the two different
generations—both
are important, all hands on
deck, calling everybody to do this.
I don't know if it was Braden or
whatever, but we were watching this
TikTok
of this guy talking
like that generation, and you couldn't
understand a thing they were saying.
I started
laughing again.
It
was just hilarious because it was what I
was trying to talk about. They even had a
police officer—this guy got pulled over
and a police officer had to
come and interpret what this kid was
saying because they didn't understand it.
The younger police officer
had to call for backup for the older guy
because he didn't understand
what the kid was saying since he's from
that generation and he was talking to a
boomer. And oh my gosh, I was laughing
so hard. I know you had to be there, but
it was funny for me because of
what the Lord was
saying—where
we are,
we're all so different, but God
loves each and every single one of us.
And he said, "Brandon, it's all hands on
deck. I'm just looking for people who
will say yes right now."No matter if you
have purple hair, pink hair, or a
bald
head like me, God's saying, "Hey,
I need you. Will you
help me bring in the harvest? For the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few."He
said, "I'm looking, Brandon. I'm
just looking for somebody."Whether you
are generation whatever,
it doesn't matter. Jesus is just
looking for all hands on deck right now,
and he'll use whomever will say yes.
I was blessed by what he said.
That's March 23rd.
This time last year of 2025 is when I
first saw the vision.
In 10 days, it'll be a year since I saw
this vision. Does anybody remember this?
If you've been following me and been a
part of my channel, you'll hear it right
here. Look at what I saw. This is when I
first saw it.
We
call the mole found; we call the mole
uncovered. We say in the name of Jesus,
you are uncovered. Even after work,
when they get off, they
are
trying to communicate in a
way that will not get them caught
through an
avenue of hidden
communication. It's
almost a deciphered code. Only they
would know how to do certain words with
certain letters; they're
like numbered. It's not family
they're talking to; it
goes from telephone to telephone.
In
this, it
is
relayed
twice: one and then another.
It goes
deeper—it's
a deep trail. It's not
directly to them. It goes from here to
here to here. No, it's
twice: one and then there.
I see it. This is well
thought
out.
We pray over our servicemen and women in
Iraq. We pray for our bases in Iraq. We
pray a hedge of blood around and about
them right now from any surprise
attack. We pray
a hedge around
our servicemen and women in the name of
Jesus that no weapon formed against them
would prosper. Every tongue that rises
against them, we condemn it. We command
it in the name of Jesus to bow its knee.
We pray a hedge of blood around
Iraq. We pray for wisdom for
Trump making these decisions ahead. It's
like a chess match.
He needs wisdom. We pray for wisdom for
his mind. We pray for the people that
are around him not to think with a
reprobate mind. We pray a hedge around
his mind. We thank you, Lord,
that he
thinks
through you to a higher level
than ever before. He
can go this way
or
that
way, but it's
about
making the right choice,
because this choice will turn out a new
outcome.
He has to see like
chess,
how many
steps ahead? It's not just one move;
it's seeing the other moves before he
needs to move. What will this do
if you make this move so that you're
always ahead? It's not just playing
one position at a time; it's playing
five positions at a time. I see him. He
needs to make strategic plans.
He's running them through his mind right
now,
measuring each plan and decision
whether or not what he should be doing
is
strategic, but he needs not his
plan, but the Holy Ghost's plan. So we
pray for his mind. We pray for his
spirit to catch it.
Out
of the realm of the spirit, we
pull it to
him. We catch it for the body of Christ.
He may not know how to pray through it,
but we pray it. We bring
forth the
divine plan of knowing
what to do to take the step to go right
through. Not just what we think is right
in our own mind, but what is right by
what the hand of the Lord says.
We call it
forth in the name of Jesus.
They're
trying to
poke the beehive. That's what they're
going to do.
I see it. They try to stir it up
over here. It's sleight of hand, folks. They want to stir it up over
here to keep
you occupied while
they
are
hiding
something
in the mountains. We call
those hostages
released. If there's any more alive,
we call the
hostages released. We take authority
over this demonic spirit that tries to
rule over this area that tried to kill
these people.
Father,
we thank you, Lord. The very
pit they dug, the very trap they've
dug—this
is the only leverage
they have
anymore. They can't give away all their
cards;
they can't reveal all their
cards.
Oh, there's so much here.
How accurate was that?
The Lord says,
'These are
many days
of
prayer.'He
said, 'Even with what's going on
with Russia, the backup plan
is
they want all of
Ukraine. They want all of
it. He wants the whole
thing:
the old Russia, the old Soviet
Union—building
back every
building block that was taken.
Everything that was taken, they want it
back. This is not
just a plan for now; this is a plan
that's drawn out for a
decade.
Their time clock
is set to
wanting their
old land back. Even
if it takes 20 or 30
years, I see a
long-drawn-out
plan.
This isn't just a window
we're
seeing right here. They're thinking
chess,
too.
This is way deeper.
That's cool, V. Good find,
son. I love to
hear it. And that's over a year ago—ten months
and ten
days from it being a
year. Today's Friday the 13th, and here
we are right at 2026, and God gave that
word on March 23, 2025. So we
give all glory to Jesus, folks. It
isn't
about Brandon. If it puts attraction to
me and people look at it and go, 'Whoa, look
at that,'we always attract to deflect.
It's all Jesus. I'm telling you, without
Him we can do nothing. And it's exciting
whenever He speaks to His people because
He'll speak to every single one of you.
It doesn't have anything to do with just
being me. He'll speak to you if you just
say, 'Yes, Lord. Here am I.'I need you to
know that I'm nothing special; I am just
a person who said yes. So I want you to
know, whenever you see these things
and the deciphering code and what we
found today, it's what I told you was
coming, what the Lord said was coming.
And so we pray for them
to find out the sequence of the numbers
because it's communicating when those
terror cells would be activated in our
nation.
Very
interesting.
If you're here, please like our video
and give a thumbs up. We
appreciate every single one of y'all.
Let's go ahead and just pray now.
Ready?
Anybody want to go tubing for a little
bit? Father, we just thank You, Lord,
that You are speaking to us, that we're Your
people.
We yield to You, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. I take this body in the name of
Jesus, and I thank You, Father, for my
wife and for our family. We
thank You, Lord,
that
our bodies are healed, whole, and
well. When we lay hands on the
sick, they'll recover. Father, we
have the ability to see the dead
raised and to cast out devils freely. We've
been given freely; we give it out. Thank
You, Father. We take nothing
from nobody, and we owe
no man anything but to love him.
Thank You, Lord.
Like blind
Bartimaeus,
we say, 'Jesus, Son of David, have mercy
on
us.'Thank
You, Lord, that Your grace
and
mercy
are
following us. Goodness and
mercy are following us all the days of
our life,
and
we dwell in the house of the Lord
forever.
We abide in You,
that Your words remain in us, and
we'll ask what You will, and it
shall be done. I thank You, Father, that
we have that word hidden in our hearts
that we might not sin against You.
And Lord, we take this body in the name
of Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that every
plot, every plan, and every pursuit of the
enemy concerning our lives—Father, we
thank You, Lord, that we're underneath
those
mighty wings, and
underneath Your wings we'll trust. We
apply the blood in the name of Jesus.
We take this body in Jesus'name and
we thank You, Lord, that
You took it all for us.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood. We make much of
the blood, and the blood makes much of
us. We apply the blood. We cover our
eyes. Father, I thank You, Lord, that we
hear Your voice and a stranger's voice
we
will not follow. We apply the blood.
Father, we thank You, Lord. We make much
of the blood,
for we know it never loses its power.
Thank You, Lord, that You help us, that
we're delivered from gluttony,
obesity, and everything that tries to
have a stronghold in our life. Father,
we plead the blood of Jesus over
it. And we thank You, Lord, that we're
free in Jesus'name. We take the
blood and we apply it to us. And we give
You glory, honor, and praise for it.
We thank You, Lord, for the blood that
covers our finances, our house, our
marriage, and any plot, plan,
or
pursuit to hurt or harm us. The
angels of the Lord are around and about
us. And we thank You,
Father, that they will bear us up in
their hands, lest we dash our foot
against a stone. And we take the blood
right now in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank You for Your
covering over us.
We thank You, Lord, that the blood never
loses its power,
for it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day;
it will never
lose
its power.
The blood
that Jesus
shed
for me
way back on
Calvary.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day,
it will never
lose
its
power.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood that
set us free. It was
just one drop; You shed it for me.
You took it all from me, Jesus. And
we're so grateful, Father, for
without You we can do nothing, but with
You, we can do all things through Christ
who strengthens us.
We believe, Father, that You've called
us and You've chosen us for such a time
as this. And every single person that's
represented here tonight, Father, we
have big dreams. You said
You'd give us the desires of our heart.
And Father, my desire is to see one
billion souls saved, all to the glory of
God—that
I would reach
through our ministry well over a
million souls.
We believe, Father, as we
petition and call
for those souls, that Satan has to
release the unbeliever
there, for the Bible says that Satan
has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we say according to Ephesians
that the eyes of their understanding
would be enlightened. Satan, take your
hands off of their eyes in the name of
Jesus. We pray for the harvesters to
come forth in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, and the
west, we call forth the harvest.
We thank You, Lord, that the harvest
is plentiful and yet the laborers are few,
but the Lord of the harvest calls them
forth in the name of Jesus to bring
forth harvest. For some plant, some water,
and then You bring forth the increase.
Lord, we call that harvest in the name
of Jesus, for You have long patience for
the harvest.
We believe that harvest is
coming forth in the name of Jesus. We
call it forth.
We thank You, Lord, for
the
harvest. Father, we're calling it in
from the north, south, east,
and west—all
over Asia, all over Europe, all over
South America. We're calling in the
harvest of souls
in
Jesus'name.
We call those things that be not as
though they were, and we call our
unsaved loved ones saved.
What happened?
He has long patience.
Well, let's keep it up, honey.
We always use that because that is a
scripture that stands out to me a lot.
Be patient, therefore, brethren,
until the coming of the Lord. Behold,
the husbandman waiteth for the precious
fruit of the earth, being patient
until it receives the early and the
latter rain.
I don't like that version.
What is ASV? What is that? You had it,
baby. You could just go down.
I'll just write it down and have a
staple of it right here because it's
that important to me. It's my
fault, not yours.
But Father, we just thank you, Lord,
that you have long patience.
Go read; that's the scripture
we're standing on.
You have to have the Word back your
prayers. You don't just
flippantly
back Word-backed prayer.
Scripture-backed prayers bring more
fruit; it brings much fruit.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until
the coming of the Lord. Behold, the
husbandman waiteth for the
precious fruit of the earth and hath
long patience for it until he receives
the early and the latter rain. That's
James 5:7.
And I believe that tonight, that harvest
you have had long patience for, you
don't have to be patient anymore;
we're calling it forth.
Peter 3:9: 'The Lord is not slack
concerning his promise as some men count
slackness, but is longsuffering toward us,
not willing that any should perish, but
that all should come to
repentance.'Father,
we thank you, Lord. Let me read
it:
'The Lord is not slack
concerning the promise as some men count
slackness, but is longsuffering
toward
us, not willing that any
should perish, but that all should come
to
repentance.'We
believe, Father, that you're the God
of the harvest.
You
are the Lord of the harvest, and we
believe you have long patience, and
we believe that today the patience
doesn't
have to be there anymore because we're
bringing them in. We call them in. We
call in the harvesters,
the vast harvesters around this
world in the name of Jesus from the
north, the south, the east, and the west,
that the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. We call them in, in
Jesus'name.
We call in these unsaved people;
we snatch them out of hell
right now in the name of Jesus that they
will know the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus Christ and it will be rhema to
them and their eyes will be flooded with
light. Satan, take your hands off of our
unsaved loved ones. We call them in, in
the name of Jesus.
We call the
unbelievers
to be
believing believers. There's an
anointing that we push in the name
of Jesus. Come forth harvest.
Come forth.
Then my Father's arms will be full. Then
my Heavenly Father's arms will be full
of the great harvest.
Orlando,
we call in the harvest. We call in that
harvest and the laborers. We call
them in right now that every single
unsaved loved one—all the people,
our bosses, our neighbors,
the
people that we come into contact with every
day—that
they're born again in the name
of Jesus. We call them out of the
darkness and into the
light.
Every single one of them are born again,
serving the Lord with all their might. Oh, that the harvest is plentiful. We bring in the
harvest; the reapers and the sowers are going hand in hand.
We call them out of the darkness and
into the light that
they
will serve
you
with all their might.
I see into that harvest; I'm seeing
into it right now. And the Lord said,
'Brandon, a great shaking is coming to
your nation. A great shaking is coming
to New York City. I see
smoke. I see fire.
Many will come. There's
a great shaking that's coming to your
nation.
It will be uncomfortable for some.
Those that are not prepared, it will be
uncomfortable for some.
I have warned and I have warned and I
have warned.'He said, 'A great shaking
is coming from sea to sea.
And it will be a bringing about to bring
you to your knees, to bring you to me.
A great harvest of souls you will see.
But it will come out of pressure. It
will come out of refining fire. A
shaking to awaken is what I desire.
It will be uncomfortable for some
because
you've not taken heed
to what I have said. You've not put your
boat into motion to what I have
instructed, and it will be uncomfortable
for you. You'll make it through, but you
could have been more comfortable.
Year
after year I have yelled. Year after year
I have warned and I have
told you that the
storm—you
will say it's a storm—but it is not a
storm. It's a shaking to awaken. Many of
you say this is Ichabod. It is not
Ichabod.
I have not departed. I
will
never leave you and I will never
forsake you. Lo, until the end of the
earth I will be with you always.'But a
shaking is coming to your shore. A
shaking is coming to Europe. A shaking
is coming to the lands of this earth
through the signs of the heaven.
There'll be a shaking in politics, in war,
in finances, and
a shaking
in the heavens and
in the earth.
But every one of these vast
shakings is designed to bring in my
fruit. For I have long patience for it.
I'm not out
of patience. I'm out of time. The time
is short.
He's not out of patience; He has long
patience, but I'm out of time. You hear what
the Spirit of the Lord said? He just
said that very loud to me. He said, 'I'm
not out of patience. I have long
patience,
but I'm out of time.
This dispensation of grace,
this dispensation of time has come to an
end and I've given you a sliver more to
bring in my fruit.
One last call I call you forth.
One last opportunity to
get on the boat. For as in the days of
Noah, so will it be. Noah got
on the boat. Will you get
on the boat? This is one last call. Just
like I said before, one last call
for a harvest.
For the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.
Find a scripture. I hear him. Wide is
the way to destruction and
narrow...
Enter ye in at the Strait gate. For
wide is the gate and broad is the way
that leads to destruction, and many
there be which go in there.
Because Strait is the gate, and narrow
is the way, which leads unto life, and
few there be that find
it.'Matthew
7:13-14.
He doesn't want that any should perish.
Ladies and gentlemen,
God
has long patience.
But God's not out of patience; He's out
of time. He says,
'A great shaking now is coming. For I
have yelled and I have yelled and I have
yelled and I gave you a chance even
through COVID to shake the church, and yet
you go back into your
slumber.'Many
went back into their
slumber. COVID was a wakeup call upon
the nations. I shook at the shaking of
the nations;
it went through the nations. And
therefore, there will be a second round
of great shaking. And this shaking will
be the last
shaking.
A shaking that will shake the
world—one
last call, one last time.
A new, great wave that
will be greater, that will dwarf the
first wave. A wave that will shake this
world
one last time, one last call.
For I'm bringing you as the bride to my
side.
For they woke for a split
minute and went back to sleep.
Many are not ready or prepared for
what you're about to see.
I've warned you to come
by my side.
He
said,
'All of you must come up higher.
It's time to come up higher, for great
sobering days are upon
you.'But
the true bride,
the remnant that I have brought to
my side, will do great and mighty works.
They
will do great and mighty things,
bringing in my
harvest.
That covering of my blood, that
glory covering,
will be
over you, and the death angel will pass
before you and it will not touch you.
Fear not, church.
Keep your eyes upon me.
Be bold.
He's talking about Joshua, I believe:
'Have I not commanded you? Be
strong and courageous. Do not be afraid;
do not be discouraged, for the Lord your
God will be with you wherever you
go.'Be
not afraid, church, for what you're
about to see, for a great shaking is
coming,
and many are not
prepared for what you're about to see.
He said many will die.
Come up higher in your
word level. Come up higher in your
drinking level. Drink of me; drink
from the well.
I see New York
in the warm months. I see the buildings and the sun shining. It's a
hope. You'll
see
a great harvest
even in just one day.
You'll see vast amounts of souls in just
one day,
for I'm bringing them in
across the land. I see
Asia shaking in a day. The earth
will tremble and shake. It will
rock
and
reel like a
drunkard.
The earth shall reel to and fro
like a drunkard and shall be removed
like a hut;
its transgression shall be heavy upon it,
and it shall fall and not rise again.
That's Isaiah
24.
I have to read the whole chapter on that
one.
Many will know it's time to
go.
There
will
be a great
flow.
I
see Africa.
see
a light that is shining all over
Africa, and I see a great harvest of
souls—a
sea
of people from
tribes of every kind.
They're coming to the saving knowledge
of the Lord Jesus Christ, and it's spread
throughout Africa, people of all kinds of
different shades of
skin.
They
are
giving
their
hearts like Reinhard
Bonnke.
A major harvest of souls is
coming to Africa
with healings, signs, and wonders.
I see the sun setting again.
This
dispensation of grace is coming to an
end.
Jesus is standing at the door.
Oh,
how I love Jesus
because he first loved me.
The King is here.
We're calling in the harvest.
A shaking
is
coming
to
the nations. It will
happen
in a 24-hour period.
Everything
you know is about to change. When you
see it,
it will
be the waterfall
edge—an
acceleration of the labor pains upon
this earth.
As you enter into the next
Jewish feast day,
I believe he's talking about
Passover, you're going to see an acceleration.
I am releasing
the angelic
host, these warring angels.
I see them dumping out of heaven.
There'll be two on each side
of these unsaved loved ones. They will have
to flatly
reject me, but it will be
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
I
see two angels. He said, 'I'm sending my
angels and it gives
them freedom to make
the choice.'I see the harvest and
the souls, and the angelic host are warring
on our
behalf. He said, 'I wish that
none should perish, but all
come
to
repentance.'I
see the angelic
host warring on our
behalf.
They're
flooding North Korea right now.
The angels of the Lord
are warring on our behalf.
The Lord has sent his warring angels, for
there are more with us than there are
with them.
You'll
see creative signs and wonders will
follow them that believe.
This will be shock and
awe
to the world, for
heaven and earth are going to collide.
It will be just like Brother
Hagin
gave the word—as easy as a fish
swimming through the water
or a bird flying in the air.
Like you taking your next breath,
you'll tap into the spirit realm
effortlessly.
You'll
step over,
walking in the supernatural.
Where sin abounds, grace does
much more abound. But a shaking
is
coming.
We thank you, Lord, for
all that you have in store.
Father,
regarding
the crypto laws,
we'll
lack no
good thing. We'll have more
than enough to get the job done.
Thank you, Lord,
that
we're hearing you on
what we're supposed to do with our
finances, that we'll obey you and
know exactly what to do to bring in
the money towards the
harvest.
Stretch that
dollar to bring
in the greatest harvest.
It's
all about the harvest.
Lateness of the hour.
For
great days to come. Great days for the
church. A great day. He knows our idea
of
what's great and what his is about:
harvest. Days of fun have just begun.
Seeing the healing and manifestation of
his glory on people; that's what he's
all about. People get all excited
about finances and new things like that,
but God's treasure is people.
His treasure is his children.
His streets are paved with gold, ladies and
gentlemen. He doesn't get excited about
finances. He gets excited when one
of us turns and says, "Hey, I want you,
Jesus."He
gets excited that just one of
us comes to Jesus.
He's excited when his
kids say yes.
His heart is the harvest.
His heart is a father's heart. I don't
want to see any of my kids go to hell.
His
heart is the harvest.
Like any really good father, you
don't want to see any of your kids get
in harm's way, pain,
or
suffering. I want good
things, right? And that's where his
heart is right now for the
harvest. He's saying, "I'm calling them
out of the darkness and into the light.
I want to help them, Diana, with all my
might."If
that's what's important to him, it's
important to me. If this is important to
God, it's important to me. Help me,
Lord, help you.
Anoint me in a special way to bring them
in by the
boatloads—a
big old shrimping net dredging the
bottom. We're going to bring them in.
They're
coming in hot.
Thank you, Lord, for we made it through
another week. As we go
into this weekend, let people be
refreshed, Lord. Let them come up higher
in their prayer life with you,
finding a good church to
get involved in. They know where
the revival is going to take place:
churches. Raise up
new pastors that are ready to finish the
race.
Raise up people that have integrity with
what they've been given. Have an
integrity of anointing
where
they always attract to deflect,
keeping their eyes on you, Jesus.
We're going vertical.
Thank you, Lord.
And as I say this, I see Rome again;
I see the Vatican; I see the
Catholic Church.
You'll see the
antichrist agenda
on another scale in the days ahead
rising up.
They know the time
we're in, and they're
going to rise up at another level. The
antichrist agenda is going to rise up at
another level:
Oppression,
religious efforts trying to suppress freedom of
speech in Europe
and Canada. More pressure
and
persecution are coming on the church
because they know the time is
short. The enemy knows the time is short,
and he's coming more viciously than ever
before.
Hold fast
to this open door of opportunity.
Be contenders.
I see
the church holding up their hands and
saying, "Not yet.
You can't do this
yet."We're
holding our hand like a police
officer directing traffic. Not
yet. We have authority over you, and it's
not yet. It's going to try to
really amp it up to escalate
the end times. I see a war
breaking out at a greater level in
the Middle East and in Europe.
This is
like what I'm talking about:
portals of CERN and all these other things. And
I see the church,
the remnant;
we're going to get a harvest.
A shaking and labor pains are going
to come on even greater, and the harvest
will come out of the shaking and the
great labor pains.
You understand, lover? That's what I
see. Even telling it
to
stop, it's still going on in labor
pains.
It's holding back that antichrist spirit
from taking over completely,
saying, "We're holding you back
through
prayer."And
I see a shaking of the earth's
crust.
But this is
actual hell on earth,
like a
great
tribulation. And the
church is pushing back through
prayer. But
because of the time, the
window is
getting smaller and smaller.
There's not much time to
push back because the time is
getting shorter and shorter.
And
the church is pushing against
it. We want the harvest;
bring it in. And the glorious church
is moving, and the time's getting
shorter and
shorter—we're
out of time.
We're at God's mercy.
It's about
what's been set in the spirit realm.
The
church
is
pushing
back, and
in the middle,
there's a
collision,
and you're seeing it, and the harvest is
coming in. But now you'll see the labor
pains because of what's been said in the
Word. Labor pains,
boom, boom,
boom. And the church is pushing back, and
the prayer and all of it is happening so
fast—acceleration.
That's what he said:
acceleration of labor
pains.
Hallelujah.
But
the
bottom line of where we are right now is
that if you're here tonight and
you've never asked Jesus Christ to
be your Lord and personal Savior, that's
all that matters.
You're
not ready; you're not prepared for the
shaking. He's talking about supplies
and
certain things
he's instructed you to do. Maybe he's
instructed you to get some extra bottled
water
or
some medical
bandages.
I'm just throwing something out
there.
But whatever he's told you
to do, just like
at the marriage feast,
he didn't take the wine and
bring it out of nothing;
he turned water into wine. He worked
with something.
He had the fishes and the loaves
and then he
multiplied it.
He took what you had and he made it
into something special.
That's why I believe so
wholeheartedly in tithing and giving to
your local church. God will take, like he
did for the widow lady with the little bit
of meal and the olive oil,
and he
blessed her.
But because of her obedience to give out
of her sacrifice, God took a little and
made it into a lot. He had to get it
out of her hand and have her be fully
persuaded that what he has promised,
he's able also to perform. In
these
end times,
what is he telling you to do?
Mary said, "Whatever he tells you to do,
do
it."Don't
just sit back and go, "Well, I'm
waiting on my blessed assurance that
God's just going to do everything and
just bring it like ripe cherries off the
tree."You
have to go out and make
something happen, folks. Stop waiting
for God always to just show up with some
miracle. Whatever you have in your hand
to do, do it.
It may just be a little bit of cake and
oil, but whatever he tells you to do, if
he says bring the water in,
I'm going to turn the
water into wine. If that's your case,
then follow the leading of the Holy
Ghost. Faith without works is
dead.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
For those that are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons of God.
I believe we will be led by the Spirit
of God. You said, "Well, I'm looking
for an audible
voice."You're
going to get snared by a demonic spirit
because that's not usually the way that
God speaks. I know of one
time He spoke. He said, "This is
my beloved Son, in whom I am well
pleased,"and
the dove came—the anointing came
on like a dove.
John the Baptist and all heard it
and they said, "I hear Jesus. I heard the
Lord say it."But it was not
something He did all the time.
It's the still small voice He leads us by. For
those that
are led by the Spirit of
God
are the sons of God. He
speaks through that still small voice. Stop
looking for some audible,
earth-shaking
voice. You're
looking and saying, "I'm waiting,"and He's
like, "I'm speaking to you on the
inside."Get
familiar with Him by reading His
word. He'll speak to you in His word.
That word will become life to you,
and you'll become sensitive to
what He's saying to do. So whatever He
tells you to do, like Mary said to the
servants, "Go and get the
water and fill it up."Jesus said it; do
it.
It wasn't that He just looked at the
pots that were empty and said, "Wine, be.
Go fill it up and then I'll
do
something,"but
He wants your
participation in it.
Do you understand? We're co-laborers with
Christ. He wants your participation in
it.
What are you going to do? Faith without
works is dead. What
did He tell you to do? Be obedient
to what God has told you to do, ladies
and gentlemen, and you won't fail.
Even if you just have a little bit of
something, He will make you a whole
bunch of something.
He did it for the children of Israel.
He brought the manna. He brought the
cloud by day and a fire by night. But
it took them
trusting Him. I
just believe with all my heart God's
going to show up and show off in your
life. Whatever He tells you to do,
do it.
So many
people are just waiting on their blessed
assurance going, "Well, I'm just going
to sit back and just wait and watch
God."How
many times in the Bible did He tell
us to go? The borrowed axe
head—He
said, "Go dip in the
river."Seven
times. They
had to do something to activate their
faith to get the manifestation of what
they're believing for. He may tell you,
"I want you to go to a Billy Burke
meeting and travel across America to go
to one,"and you're going to meet me
there.
I'm going to meet you at the point of
the place called "there."And that may be
a Billy Burke meeting or some
kind of meeting. I don't know. But
whatever He tells you to do, do it.
"Well, I'm dying of this."Go to the place
called
"there."Where's
your "there"? What did He tell you
to do? Faith without works is dead. He
may tell you, "I want you to take what
you have and go to this
and I'm going to meet you
there."Go
to the river and dip seven times, and
the leper was healed. The
power of God came on them.
But it took them activating their faith
and doing what He asked them to do. And
that's what I'm hearing tonight.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it. It
might seem
so insignificant; it
doesn't matter. Where's
your faith? Where are you at with the
Lord?
Follow Him. The
bottom line of
all this I tell you tonight is: do you know my
friend?
All this is nothing
if you don't have a relationship with
Jesus Christ and He doesn't know you. If
you're not born again,
if you're watching this right now and
you've never asked Jesus Christ to be
your Lord and personal Savior, you're
missing it.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last chance. You could
die in your sleep. You could have a
tragic car accident. Something could
happen. But I'm telling you,
now is the time of salvation.
Right now, you have an opportunity.
I'm going to say a simple
prayer, but it's appointed unto man once
to die and after that the judgment.
There's no reincarnation.
Buddha can't save you. Muhammad can't
save you. The only way to heaven is the
Lord Jesus Christ. You must confess Him
as your Lord and Savior. Tonight's your
night.
The very shoes you put on today to
go to work, the undertaker might be
taking them off tonight. You don't
know. Do not gamble with your
eternity.
Hell is for eternity; heaven is for
But I have to ask you: do you know my
friend? And more importantly, does He
know you?
Or you may say, "Brandon, I used to know
Him. I used to have a relationship with
the Lord. I was on fire. I went to
church every single week."But in the
process of all the stuff that goes on in
this world, I became weary in
well-doing.
I fell away. I've become lukewarm. I'm
not where I should be.
If I'm talking to you, say, "I have all
these issues. I'm going through all this
pressure. Can you just please pray for
me?"We're
here right now, and my wife and I
want to come in agreement. We want to
pray for you. We want you to
make a choice. Jesus is standing at your
door and He's knocking on the door of
your heart. Will you let Him in?
Tonight's your night.
Are you all in for
Jesus?
Jesus died for you publicly and I
want you to be public about your
decision tonight. I want you to put in
the comment section right now, "I need to
be saved, Brandon. Please pray for
me."Can
I know Jesus?
Just like the prodigal son; he spent all
he
had. He was in the pigpen and
he was laying there, and he
came
to himself and said, "If I can
go and just be a servant in my father's
house."The
moment you confess your sins,
He is faithful and just to forgive you
of all your sins and cleanse you of
all unrighteousness. What was
awesome about the prodigal son was his
father was waiting for him, seeing him
from afar off and said, "That's my son.
That's my daughter. Kill the fatted calf.
It's time for a celebration. My son or
my daughter is home."And he threw the
robe on him and said, "Hey, here's
a ring. I'm so glad you're
home."And
that's the way our Father is.
He's not mad at you.
But you have to turn. You have to make a
decision.
I must choose to follow Jesus.
So tonight, if this is you, we're going
to say this simple little prayer. A
little five-year-old could say it.
It doesn't have to be religious;
it's just about relationship. So you
say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of
God. I believe You died and You rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I turn my back on the world tonight,
Lord. I turn my back on the sin. I turn
my back on the devil and I'm not
serving him anymore.
I dedicate my life to You. I dedicate my
heart to You and from this day forward
I will serve You with everything I have.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe, Jesus, that You rose again on
the third day
and from this day forward I'm all in. I
give everything to You. I surrender all.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Thank You, Lord, that if I was to die
now, I'll be with You in paradise
forever. Thank You, Jesus, that You have
forgiven me. Thank You, Lord, for this
opportunity.
Amen and amen."See, it's simple, but
you've got to believe. For he
that cometh to God must believe that He
is and that He is a rewarder of those
that diligently seek Him.
For the willing and obedient will eat
the good of the land. And I believe
those right now that have just said this
prayer are willing and obedient and the
good of the land is coming.
Welcome home. All 63 of
you that just gave your heart to Jesus
Christ tonight, welcome home. Thank God
you're saved. We rejoice with you.
Thank the Lord for every
single one of you that just gave their
heart to Jesus Christ tonight. Welcome
home. We love you. We're excited you're
here. Now, what do you do? This is what
I would do. You go to a
Bible-believing
church; a non-denominational
church is where we would go.
I would get plugged in there. I
would tell that pastor when you walk in
there, say, "Listen, I got born again
watching a YouTube video, and I want to
be water baptized. Will you help me? Will
you please help me? I want to be water
baptized."And
if he's a good pastor,
he'll water baptize you. Let's do it.
It may be cold
water, but we're going to do it
right now until the summer comes.
But get water baptized. Get plugged
into that church. Go Sundays, go
Wednesdays, go to prayer group, and
go to
classes if they got them. Get
plugged in there. Get excited about it.
You may have to change your friends. You
can invite them, "Come to church with me.
Lead them to Jesus."If they say, "No,
we're not into that. We want to go back
to the strip clubs. We want to go hang
over here. I don't want anything to do
with church right now,"you may have to
say, "You know what? I choose to
follow Jesus. When you all are ready to
make a choice, come find me. But I
can't go back to what I was doing. I'm
going to find some new friends."And God
will bring you some new friends. It's
okay. But they're going to see the fruit
in your life and that Jesus is changing
you from the inside out. And they're
going to say, "You know what? I remember
when you were really bad like us, but
you're
different."Watch,
because that light is going to
start shining on you and people are
going to start seeing that the old you is
dead. They'll start bringing it up: "Don't you
remember when you used to go to the
strip clubs with us? Don't you remember
when you used to snort a line of coke
with us?"You say that person's dead. He
ain't alive no more. Why? Because you're
a new creation in Christ Jesus. And you
may fall tomorrow. You may fall in the
next couple of days and skin your
knee. When a toddler falls—a baby
falls—He's
always
quick to pick him back up and brush him
off. When you mess up, you run to God;
don't run from him.
So, you may be a toddler right now. You
go, "Man, I skinned my knee, Brandon. I
messed up. Am I still
saved?"Yes.
It's by grace. It's all about grace.
I run to you, Jesus. But it's a
choice. We're not going to go hang
around those people no more;
we'll find some new ones.
Do you understand what I'm saying? So,
we love you. Now, if you don't have a
Bible,
in the description below, there is an
email address. We want you to email
us
and we will give you your first
Bible for free. Tell them about it,
Diana.
"Oh, in the description, you'll find
our email address. If you just email us
and put 'I need a Bible'in the title
and include your name and address,
we will get one in the mail to
you."And
we're pretty
much caught up. There's been a lot
of people getting saved. We've given out a
lot of Bibles, ladies and gentlemen. I
think over a
thousand now.
There's been a lot of
salvations on this channel. All glory
to Jesus. They're coming in from all around
the world. But right now, because of the
duty fees and all the things
about sending things overseas,
we're just able to focus on the American
side:
US and US territories, and then
military APO and FPO addresses we can
send to those.
So, all glory to Jesus.
We're so thankful for every single
one of you that got saved tonight. If
you could please like, subscribe,
and
come be a part of our prayer group.
We'll never ever solicit you for
anything. We never ask for a dime from
anybody. We're just here freely; we've
been given freely, and we give
freely.
We just want to tell you Jesus
loves you and that he's coming. And
we're so excited for every single one of
you that are here tonight. If you
could help us out with the algorithm.
And it's awesome.
Somebody sent this to you. This is
like a Christian news source, but
experts warn that leader is obsessed
with the end and believes himself to be a
figure paving—read
that
out loud,
babe.
"Experts warn
Iran's new leader is obsessed with end
times. Believes himself to be prophesied
figure paving way for the
Mahdi."Wow.
Who,
the
Ayatollah?
It
says—I
don't know how you say his
first
name—Mojtaba
Khamenei
is obsessed with the end times. Is that
the man I saw in the cave?
Yeah, I believe that's
him.
And I said, he said, "Is this prophecy
fulfilled?"He
was talking to the man
with
the gray beard and he said, "Should we
push the button? We have a
device
to try to annihilate
Israel."And
I saw him talking to a man with a white
coat and he said, "Do you truly believe
it will work?"And he said, "It has not
been tested."I heard them. I was in
their meeting. He said, "It has not been
tested, but we believe that we have one
working bomb."And he said to
him, "If you use it, it must be accurate
where you put it."And I saw a plan to
hit Israel with this on a big rocket and
they were waiting for the right moment
because they knew this is what would
try to bring forth the Mahdi. And I'm
telling you, I saw it. I saw that man
talking to a man with a white beard and
a guy with a white robe—a white trench-like
jacket—and
they were underneath
the ground.
Yep,
that's him. So he's obsessed with
that.
That's the guy I heard. I was in the
conversation with him. I heard him talking.
Yes.
And it was all in English; the Lord
allowed me to hear him. And he said,
"We have biological weapons."And they
wanted to use the biological weapons on
Israel.
My goodness, son. Do you all realize how
close we are?
Do you all realize he believes he's the
messenger to help us? And he said, "Is
there prophecy that fulfills this in the
Quran with our prophecies?"And he was
asking the elders—the old men
with the white beards
and the white
turbans on their heads—he was asking
them, "Does this line up? Are we there
for the Mahdi to come?"And he was trying
to get enough courage. And then he
said, "It's time to activate the hidden
cells in
America."That's
what
I told you all. And then what the Lord
said tonight in the prophetic word
is way over the top, isn't it?
A day of sternness, a day of shaking,
and it's going to shake the world.
Where are we really, truly? You know, we
hear it, we've heard it, and we become so
desensitized
to where we are because we've heard it
so much. I remember
talking
to my grandmother. She's
80-some
years old. She has dementia now. And
I always tell her, "Grandma, Jesus
is coming.""You know, son, I remember
hearing that back when I was a
little girl in World War II.
I remember hearing that thinking Hitler
was this, and Mom and
Daddy talking and saying
things."And
I remember I just
looked at it. You're a frog
in a pot and the water's getting hot and
you don't realize all that's going on
when you go through so much and
you've heard it and heard it and
become desensitized to it. But it's just
like the Word of the Lord said,
that many will say, "Where is the
promise of his coming?"Where? And they
mock it: 'Oh, we've heard that before.
Where is that scripture at, son? Where
is the promise of His
coming?'We've
heard that before
because that's what is
being fulfilled.
You
don't even realize it.
In
Peter
chapter 3, verses
3 through
6, it says: 'Where is the promise of His
coming?
For since the fathers fell
asleep, all things continue as they were
from the beginning of the
creation.'For
they are willingly
ignorant of
this:
that
by the word of God the heavens were of
old, and the earth standing out of the
water and in the water,
whereby the world that then was, being
overflowed with water, perished. 'Where
is
the promise of His
coming?'Ah,
you know he ain't ever coming back.
I've heard that so
much, son.
You become desensitized to it until you
really start seeing it
right in front of your face. You're
so close to the trees that you don't
realize.
I'm telling you folks, Jesus is coming.
And even what was said tonight about pushing
back lines up with it.
And here this crazy fool thinks
he's going to bring in the Mahdi and do
all the things he's going to do. Why?
He's lining up with Bible prophecy.
The signs of the times are all around us.
Are you watching?
It's time to wake up.
You're running out
of time.
Are you prepared?
Is your heart right?
It's so important
that you're
close to Him. Right now is not
the
time to be playing church. You don't
need to be riding the fence. You
need to be all in for Jesus,
looking up, for our
redemption draws nigh.
Whenever we were praying
and
talking about
the harvest,
the Lord showed me a harvest field
with
a trench around it.
I heard
Him say 'entrenched.'I
looked
up what that meant, and it
refers to
resistance.
The field was so beautiful
with the harvest ready, but there was
resistance to get
to that field.
Diana had a vision
when we were praying tonight.
When
the Lord
was talking about the harvest, I saw a
harvest field that was
beautiful, golden, and ripe.
I saw a trench
around it like a moat. It was
covered
so
you didn't even know it was
there, but I
saw it zoomed in,
and
it was a deep trench
underneath. Then I heard
Him say
'entrenched.'I
looked it
up and it was talking about a
mindset of
resistance
to get to that harvest.
The
devil is trying to entrench them so we
can't get to them;
he's
trying
to block
the believer
from getting out.
Father, we just thank You that
we're building a bridge over that
trench.
There's no divide.
We thank You, Lord, that the harvest is
going to be reached and there's no more
trench around it. I come in agreement
with what she saw.
We
know the plan of the enemy and we
will stop this trench from being formed
anymore. The unsaved loved ones are
coming to the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus Christ. We build that
bridge so there is no gap with
time or space. We will bring forth
the vast fruit of the harvest. The
dead in Christ will rise first, and
then we will all be caught up.
We'll see
the greatest harvest of souls.
We call the bridge over the trench.
There will be no divide
in
Jesus'name.
We're filling that trench up,
paving the
way to get that harvest.
Every plot and plan of the devil is
coming
to
naught.
We call that code uncovered in the
name of Jesus concerning this
cipher
for the NSA, Homeland
Security, FBI, special
intelligence, and the military to break
the code in the name of
Jesus. Every plan and plot of
destruction concerning this nation, we
command you to be uncovered. We
thank You, Lord, that President Trump is
covered. His children Eric, Don Jr.,
Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, and Kai are all
covered. We thank You,
Lord, that the hand of the Lord is
protecting them, that no weapon
formed against them will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand, but it will
not come nigh them. There
is
a covering over them in the
name of Jesus, and the blood covers them
from the top of their head to the
soles
of their feet. We pray over
President Trump tonight, over his
marriage and over his health, and that
there's no pressure on his veins. We
thank You, Lord, that the body of
Christ is carrying him across this
finish line by faith. We call him
healed, whole, and well. His heart
and his mind function like they're supposed
to.
Father, I
thank You that he is covered,
the
pressure is off of him, and he'll sleep
soundly.
He'll hear Your voice and
will not follow a stranger's voice
concerning our economy
and
finances.
The greatest wealth transfer is
yet to come.
We call it
in, in
Jesus'name.
Amen. We pray
over everyone represented here
tonight.
We call blessing and increase over your finances.
Whatever they put their hands to
will
prosper. We call them healed, whole,
and well. We call
wayward
children home. We call marriages
restored. We call them to be blessed in
the city and in the field, in their coming in and
their
going out. May he
bless you. May he keep you.
May his face shine upon you,
and may he give peace to you.
That's Deuteronomy.
May the Lord bless you and may he keep
you. May his face shine upon you and
give you peace
and be a blessing to you in the name of
Jesus. We believe that every one of you
walk in that and thank you for your
support. Thank you for all the love you
show to my family. We love every single
one of you. We pray for your
finances.
We pray for an abundance
over your mind that, Father, they
walk in creative ideas to get wealth,
that they lack no good thing, that this
is a time to excel, to be above and
not beneath in the name of Jesus.
It's Numbers 6:24 through 26: 'The Lord
bless thee and keep thee and make his
face shine upon you and be gracious unto
you. The Lord lift up his countenance
upon you and give you
peace.'Amen.
We love y'all. Thank you for
joining us again tonight.
Remember, we'll be back and we're going
to
pray more. But isn't that
amazing what he had tonight? Praying
over the harvest. I knew it immediately
when I jumped in the vein. He said,
'Pray for the souls, Brandon. Pray for
them. Call them forth.'We're running out of
time. Love you all. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much. What is that, son?
You keep trying to show me.
No, that's fine. I was
going to show you after President Trump.
I don't know what this even means, but
show them.
President Trump rejects President
Putin's proposal to move Iran's enriched
uranium to Russia as part of a deal to
end the war. Why does he want that?
To end the war with Ukraine.
So he wants their rich
uranium.
That's really weird. What would he want
that for? He has all kinds of nuclear
bombs.
I have to pray over that. That's
strange.
Trump rejects Putin's proposal to move
Iran's enriched uranium to Russia
and end the war.
According to sources close to the
matter, Trump had a phone call with
Putin on Monday during which he rejected
one of the Russian president's
proposals. That's
kind of interesting.
I'm telling you, Putin's holding his
cards. He's not to be trusted.
Anybody who trusts him is crazy.
I've seen great escalation
of war, and they're going to try to
take
Zelensky
out
if they have the opportunity. I'm telling
you, they're going to
take that man out. I saw Jason Bourne
going in there like
Jason Bourne does, and I saw a guy like
him, and he took him out at a coke
party. Zelensky was doing coke at the
party. Well, God bless y'all.
Iran says if
Iranian oil and economic infrastructure
is attacked, we will erase the
infrastructure linked to America.
What is that supposed to mean?
That is a real
strange comment.
It's like a riddle.
What are you going to erase?
President Trump says they attacked
Iran's island.
I've never
even heard of it. He said
it
moments ago. This
is
breaking news
on the wire.
'Moments ago, at my direction, the
United States Central Command executed
one of the most powerful bombing raids
in the history of the Middle East and
totally obliterated every military
target in Iran's crown jewel,
Kharg
Island.
Our weapons are the most powerful and
sophisticated that the world has ever
known, but for reasons of decency, I
have chosen not to wipe out the oil
infrastructure on the island. However,
should Iran or anyone else do anything
to interfere with the free and safe
passage of ships through the Strait of
Hormuz,
I will
immediately reconsider this decision.
During my first term and currently, I
rebuilt our military into the most
lethal, powerful, and effective force by
far anywhere in the world. Iran has no
ability to defend anything that we want
to attack. There is nothing they can do
about it. Iran will never have a nuclear
weapon, nor will it have the ability to
threaten the United States of America,
the Middle East, or for that matter, the
world.'Hunter,
do you think they'll strike the island?
He says we're not
touching their oil yet.
Unless they don't leave the
strait
alone.
Now, if you mess with the
strait,
we'll annihilate it.
To be continued.
Does
that trip the trigger to go to
200?
What's on tomorrow's episode around the
world?
Will they do it, ladies and gentlemen?
And then ladies and Daniels, the lady in
distress is on the railroad tracks. Can
he save her in time? Help me! Help me!
And
Superman's going, 'I can do
it. I can be
there.'To
be continued. A cliffhanger.
I personally believe it will happen.
It's fun to watch, though. And will they
strike our infrastructure in Louisiana
and Tuttle, Oklahoma?
It's terrible.
Well, we love y'all too much.
Paisley, what are you doing?
I love you, baby.
She wants to be on camera with us so
bad, but I won't let her because she's too
small yet. I said, 'No, not yet. When
you get older, I'll let you be on
camera, but you are my baby.
Not yet.'She wants to
grow up and wear makeup already, and she
wants to do all the things the big girls
do. And I say, 'No, you're my
baby. Not
yet.'Well,
praise the Lord. Iran media
confirms US strikes destroyed military
site.
Interesting. I wonder why they have it
all out there on that island.
Your largest oil
refinery is on an island.
Why? Whoever thought about
that was really stupid. It's a
little island.
'Let's put it out there.
Hide up by a mountain or
something.'It's
where the nuclear
thing's at. We hit it
on the island.
That's thinking with a reprobate mind. You
aren't
thinking with a full deck. It's
like
letting
the elevator go to the top, but the
door doesn't open.
'We'll put it on the island. It's a
great idea. It's like Alcatraz.
There's no way getting in and no
way getting out. You have to swim with
the
sharks.'Well,
we love y'all again.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much
and we love you. God bless you all and
we'll see you again. Bye-bye.